I'll ask you again.
Is it expensive or not?
Feiyun is willing to admit defeat
Do you hear me?
Mom made you kneel
how
You don't even listen to your mother's words?
I did it before
Please forgive me not too late
Your brother knelt down and apologized to you
Why don't you get him up soon?
I'm going to let you know bit by bit
The so-called Du family reporter
It's not even a fart in my eyes
You are Kaita.
Okay, okay.
You all go out
I have something to talk to Du Chen alone
I still have some things to discuss with Xiao Adan
The cooperation is up to you.
It's the second young master
How young and promising
Then we'll retire first.
Du Chen, how dare you?
Xiaoman
You leave me alone
Didn't you default to what happened last time?
Did I misunderstand?
Nonsense
When did I promise you?
I asked you to stay today
I want to talk to you about business
Why is it just the two of us now?
What's the business?
Do you still need me to teach you?
Du Chen, let go
I'm here to talk to you about my fiancée
fiancee
Exactly.
Your father left you a marriage before he died
The eldest lady next door, Lin Qingyao